Old Age Portfolio: 

- Using MCSimulation

Using the python functions to import necessary features (refer to the README.md file), a data-frame was created, including tickers as well as start and end
dates to be used as parameters for simulation. The data-frame was then set using the MCSimulation parameters, and presented using a graph presenting the 
distribution of final cumulative returns of the stocks across all 100 simulations. The graph was bell shaped, suggesting the possibility of older aged 
stocks being blue chip, with lower and predictable volatility, providing safer and less risky stock-based investment options. To further track the 
performances, a Monte Carlo Simulation was created to present the simulated daily returns. A slight linear aggression of the mean and median was shown, 
however with the appearance of a maximum and very low minimum stock prices, it may suggest both outliers may heavily impact the proposition that the Old
Age Portfolio is a safe investment option. Therefore, the summary statistics were fetched from the Monte Carlo Simulation results, which could then be 
used to determine if the Portfolio has a chance to produce high profits using an initial investment of $10,000, utilising the lower and upper bounds. It 
was found that an the initial investment of %10,000 will end within the rage of $9217.64 and $14,369. Which presents the possibility of a gain in the 
investment over time, with little risk for a huge drop. However, the investment will not gross high yields.

- Using API

Using the API functions to format and create a data-frame (shown in the Portfolio_Value_Calculation_Tool.ipynb file) which presents the close prices for 
the Old Age Portfolio's stocks. The closing prices of the stocks similar values, and did not overly vary in comparison to the use of MCSimulation functions.
Furthermore, using the closing prices, each stock could be manipulated to compute the current value of 10 shares, with each shares varying massively in
amount from $912.30 to $4025.07, supporting the calculations of the MCSimulation. The value of the Old Portfolio was then calculated, with an amount of
$12,286.28. Therefore it is reasonable to assume that both the MCSimulation and the API functions were able to suitably suggest that the Old Age Portfolio
does not gross high yields, however, does provide a safe investment option, as the stocks steadily increase overtime, without high variation. 

New Age Portfolio:

- Using MCSimulation

Using the python functions, to import ticker data for each individual stock and share, a heat map was created to find the missing data and assess the nulls
to clean. A Monte Carlo Simulation was then used to retrieve the cumulative return of the data, in order to create the Distribution of the Final Cumulative
Returns, the graph provided evidence that across the 1000 simulations high frequencies was prevalent, with very little variation. However, when plotting 
the Cumulative Return Trajectories, the investment of the New Portfolio showed to provide very high earnings over the next 252 trading days, which was 
backed by the utilisation of the lower and upper bounds, which showed that with an investment of $10,000, the portfolio will end within the range of 
$18,673.88 and $65,714.4. Suggesting that a New Age Portfolio will provide solid returns, however, is very volatile as there is a wide gap when comparing 
both returns. Therefore, it is reasonable to suggest that using the MCSimulation provides detail on the volatility of the New Age Portfolio, unlike that of
the Old Age Portfolio.

- Using API

Using the same method previously stated, the New Age Portfolio, provided high closing prices, with certain stocks reaching $699.20 in comparison to other
stocks which closed at $72.06. Immediately, it is appropriate to propose that high variation in price of stocks may be utilised, and the chance of high
volatility of the portfolio may be present. In addition, the use of Crypto API urls were used to add to the portfolio, in order to provide a scope of 
analysis in the new age stocks and shares portfolio. Thus, current values of cryptos were found using json function commands. All shares were added and 
computed, giving the current value of the new portfolio at $60,541.24. The New Age Portfolio, provides a potential high yield, out doing the Old Age
Portfolio by almost $50,000. However, without the knowledge of the volatility of the Portfolio, it is unknown if it is safe. 

Comparison of the Dow Jones

Using a more historical Portfolio, provided the chance to assess how volatile and safe the other Portfolios were in comparison to a widely used performance
indicator for the movement of the stock market. The findings from the Heat Map showed that the Old Age Portfolio had high correlation with the Dow Jones,
whilst the New Age Portfolio had low correlation. However, in order to get a more in-depth view of the correlation of each portfolio to the Dow, Sharpe
ratios weree utilised to find the percentage change of the portfolios in comparison to the Dow. It was graphed, showing that the New age Portfolio, did
indeed have very high volatility and does not provide an indication of it's correlation with current market forces, unlike the Old Age Portfolio which 
showed very low percentage change of 0.194, detailing it's likelihood to be influenced by the Dow. 

The New Age Portfolio provides investors with a risky yet high performing portfolio, which may provide large returns, however with a greater likelihood
to change over time, whilst the Old Age Portfolio, will continue a steady rise in price, but may not provide investments with a high profit.
